so yeah December is gonna be great if
you can of course don't worry about it
so yeah it's it's you know it was a
decision and it took a little while and
I had to talk to my wife and write
letters of credit check
basically give up I mean yeah today was
there was a sad chapter you know that's
that's likely that's over with I must
have too much time my ears up after
write the check
well united wanted you know Jeremy did
as well and will hold off my other
questions but in the profession so
software architecture is the design of
software systems not the coding level
but actually this thirty thousand foot
level your boxes in lines connecting
together and so just like any
professional lot of professions there
are standards you can you can you know
read a book and learn how to do it and
then do it properly or you can just you
know figure way in making you know the
Conrad hockey or whatever so there's a
standard and then there's a
certification so is the industry
standard for architecture the way that I
don't like accountants have a
certification in lawyers will look at
the bar but like you know network
engineers have a Cisco Certification
league every most technical professions
have a standard and took out his for
suffer architecture but you know it's
not super popular I'll say there's the
girls probably less than a hundred
thousand people worldwide who are
certified and 10,000 them two courses so
10% of the summer detection market so so
sid will move in move into the stuff
that I know you guys are we here just
really quickly here one last question or
one last point that a joy to bring up
and I got did kind of mentioning here so
when he was starting on you to me with
this first course that exercise making
money and then he gets it with his DMCA
in these faced with the choice about
where am I going right to say it was my
first instinct I'm not I got no stomach
for a lawsuit money but what you guys
need to know if you listen to it was
just saying it's coming up on a year in
its time for Scott to pay again so this
course teaches it wasn't a matter that
you got to pay to be a member of this
consortium one time in now you could
always does all the toga courses I'm
going doing this every year he's got to
write so ok let's see if you can find a
this might be rare but if you can find a
protected market like that like if you
can find a I don't know there's there's
other organizations that do
certifications like WordPress has a
certification but if they do and you
take that you know testing you get the
right to teach it then you can have
WordPress do some of your promotion for
you right so that's like one option is
to find a a little electric cold that's
protected from the ocean of craziness
that's what I considered protected
market are a good so less now our way
into this whole idea
the topic selection so you with this
first class that you took used a while
maybe with synchronous city and maybe
there was a little bit of market
research that I did but you can you do
things a little bit differently it took
awhile to be honest my second course was
Google Analytics for you know me I went
off Google Analytics for you to me my
third class was just one-third like like
I went off in a different direction for
my third class and then my fourth class
was something else all my habit RPG
which was a site for doulas like I just
started doing top horses on anything
that like a tiny squirrel you know that
I just got my attention
hold way into 50 directions it took me
six months to do my second toga and that
was a huge success too but like why did
I wait six months
what what was I thinking do you not have
a strategy of september 1 least
September 23 you know so I was just I
was maybe fortunate but I've got a lot
of interests I take like I said I take a
lot of courses and if I was just doing
this with no strategy i would be doing
you know I thought about doing a
WordPress plugins course I ended up
writing a plugin course crushers that
Sean and I would doing so like I almost
anything and so I now do things with
intention ok so you got here it's an
evolution we all have things that we
need to learn when we come onto the
platform in hey you know what
a lot of things to learn myself I came
to the platform with a lot of
interesting assumptions and even having
started why some things I had to kind of
ships out so different in that regard
that he's he's had his things that he's
kinda headed get some of the pieces
together as well so tell us then how do
you go about doing your your topic
selection right now we know what are the
types of things did you keep in mind as
you're going to decide that they were so
there's a few there's a few different
strategies that they are some of the
door my dog is going to have a little
bit for a moment so there's a few
different strategies that I one is again
I guess it about strategy I've got a set
of related courses I've got my enemy as
CEO my Google Analytics for you know me
now my topic selection is my third the
third step in that I can continue to do
these interesting related courses as a
further stepping stone as I get as these
things come to me and then in the
software architecture I want to I don't
really think that there is a person who
can claim the title the king of software
architecture on the internet and I want
I sort of had this dream of being like
that brand name you know there's there's
people who you know try to compete in
app development or try to beautiful
shopper try to competitive markets but
if I can be like that guy that anyone's
ik you wanna learn suffered torture you
don't know anything about him but I've
heard his name mentioned in that that
space and so even if they've never heard
of you know me they've never heard of
anything if I can get my name in that
conversation so that's a that's a
grander plan like I don't expect
everyone to buy
journeys here if if you know if you if I
don't know if there's a king of canvas
on the internet terms of teaching or
there's a king of you know command line
interface writing or whatever but like
to try to evict
to be that number one spot in even a
small market is one one thing that I'm
trying to go for so there's a there's a
there's a building upon itself but if I
can continue the overall goal of topics
election is and I have this course but
there's two things that need to
intercept there's the things that you
know so everything that you can teach on
is in one sir and there's the things
that people will pay money to learn and
that's another circle and what we're
looking for is this overlap it could be
a small overlap could be a big overlap
but the currently interface at the
intersection between the things that you
know and the things that people will pay
money for there's a that's what you're
aiming for him so I I see people and I
don't mean to like pick on any one or
more like can I like like you know
there's there's the Drupal topic right
which is a very complicated tax topic
but will people pay money to learn
Drupal and maybe they will but what will
they pay money to learn what
specifically if there's a if there are
other courses on the internet if there's
classes you can go to in person what are
people paying money for in the Drupal I
don't know if it's the installation and
maintenance of Drupal that people are
pain or if there's some other time
related topic that's just you know it's
almost like not hearing the bulls eye
but just being a little like one foot
over from the bulls eye so it doesn't
mean the whole topic is off-limits
adjust
in that space what are people paying for
and that's the research part you just go
on and you search for Drupal classes
lessons you just try to find what are
they
the pain points that people who maybe
it's some of those people who are smart
enough to install Drupal but are not
smart enough to write their own module
that they need to customize something
like me I don't know but I'm just saying
like that the research part is important